chore(gatsby-remark-autolink-headers): add styling instructions (#27199)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: packages/gatsby-remark-autolink-headers/README.md

  ],
}
```

## How to style the anchor link

> Sometimes you would like to style the generated anchor link because it does not fit the theme of your website.
> 
> To style the generated anchor link you can use the following css to make it red
> 
> ```
> a.anchor {
>   fill: 'red'
> }
> ```
> 
> If you want to only target the svg (note that the first selector is faster than the one below but that's micro optimisations)
> 
> ```
> a.anchor > svg {
>     fill: 'red'
> }
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
By default, the anchor link has no additional styling. To make it fit your website, we'll have to write some extra CSS rules. 

If you want to make the anchor icon red, you can add the following CSS rule:

```
a.anchor {
  fill: 'red'
}
```

note: Not sure how to add custom css? You can visit our [tutorial][https://www.gatsbyjs.com/tutorial/part-two/).
````
